My silly yet lovable brother.
Why do you resist?
That voice…
I will never forget that voice!
All For One!
If you're willing to help my cause,
I'll give you what you desire.
A choice for those without power,
forgiveness for the sinners!
Did you refuse to eat?
You can barely stand up.
I won't let you do as you please.
In reality, even the best-laid plans
sometimes go wrong.
Now I'll wipe away the reality
where you refuse to bow down to me.
You mean the world to me.
Stop!
I found a power
even a weakling like you could use.
Join my cause.
Stop it!
You must be the ninth wielder.
I was hoping to show you more,
but 20% is the best I can do
at this moment.
Be cautious.
The singularity has passed.
Fear not.
You're not alone.
IZUKU MIDORIYA
QUIRK: ONE FOR ALL
I couldn't sleep after that dream.
Midoriya?
What was that ruckus?
No, it's nothing!
It's nothing serious.
Are you under a lot of stress lately?
Did you not have enough cheese?
I think so.
I'm sorry if I woke you up.
It was clearly a dream.
But I remember every detail.
That moment when his hand touched mine…
When the dream came to an end,
I saw the previous wielders.
You saw the memories
of the previous wielders?
Yes, I think so.
It was also All For One's memory.
One For All's look…
You must have seen him
when you were younger.
Indeed.
After I saw my master,
my predecessor told me about
the existence of that vestige.
I was able to tell you the ins and outs
of their past because I saw it too.
I only saw the memory
up until he was given the power.
Then the first wielder told me
he could only show me 20% of it.
He also mentioned a singularity.
-That's all he told me.
-What?
All Might, you said the memory I saw
during the sports day borne no meaning,
but I think it did.
He talked to the first wielder?
I never experienced that.
My master said the same thing.
As far as I know,
the first wielder only talked to you.
That wasn't a dream.
It was a vestige.
Master, what do you mean by that?
That Quirk must have accumulated
many thoughts over time.
"I want to do it." "I must do it."
"I want to become this."
"I must become that."
When it concerns power,
people will have
their own thoughts about it.
People who cultivated that power
all this time,
their thoughts became part of the power
and are embedded as memories.
That's what I think.
Is this considered supernatural?
It's romantic.
Even if we fall,
we can still reunite in One For All.
Isn't that romantic?
All Might.
All Might?
So you woke up after the surge of energy?
Were you hurt?
Not at all.
I'm glad to hear that.
Judging by the circumstances,
we only have details
I can't understand so far.
That's all there is for now.
But about that singularity…
Could this have something to do
with Quirk Singularity Theory?
The Quirks are inherited from parents,
and continue to mix, growing in complexity
with every new generation.
Quirks will develop to a point
where it becomes too complex
for anyone to have control over them.
That's what the theory says.
We have no way
to prove this for the time being.
We don't know for sure
if you were the cause,
or was there any external factor.
Was there anything noticeable?
Well…
There were two wielders
I couldn't see clearly.
Even your silhouette was blurry.
Was it because you were considered
one of the latest wielders?
I'm sorry.
I can't be sure about this either.
But that power is siding with you.
Let's find the answer together.
Yes, I won't give up so easily.
And, by the way,
your master…
She reminds me of my master,
my predecessor.
What? You mean my mother?
Yes. Her hairstyle and stuff, you know?
Her hair, huh?
She was very beautiful!
Right?
The drill starts this afternoon.
You should get going.
Yes!
I'll be watching the whole time.
I feel so happy today.
You do look happy.
You two.
You still look closer than ever.
Aizawa!
He dragged me here and…
Don't make it sound like
you were cheating on me.
It's so lame.
That was a little harsh.
Shinso!
As I recall, you were with Mr. Aizawa too.
Yes.
Midoriya, you should be
doing your warm-ups.
It's going to be a busy day.
Yes!
GROUND GAMMA
The day has come!
This is so exciting!
Hagakure, don't you feel cold?
It's so cold out here!
I admire your spirit.
I put on my winter outfit.
It looks so cool!
Yes!
The weather has gone cold lately.
Our costumes have changed a lot
since we first came to U.A. High.
I'm surprised you managed to wear this
during the hot summer.
Kacchan's outfit looks different too.
What?
Say it to my face!
You stupid nerd!
Does your battle suit help
to keep you warm?
Your sweat is your weapon,
so the mobility this suit grants you
is very beneficial.
I didn't ask for your compliment!
But your suit has gone through
the most changes.
You added some new devices lately.
I can pull off more moves now.
These gloves are amazing.
This is the second iteration already.
Hatsume adjusted
the strength output for me.
I see. It's Hatsume's work.
Get lost!
Uraraka!
-Hey!
-What?
You all seem very relaxed.
Are we not worthy enough for you?
You're here.
We're just getting fired up.
Is that so?
Unfortunately for you,
we clearly have the upper hand.
Bring it on, Class A!
Let's settle the score today!
Class 1-B of Hero Course.
Yosetsu Awase.
Sen Kaibara.
Togaru Kamakiri.
Shihai Kuroiro.
Itsuka Kendo.
Yui Kodai.
Kinoko Komori.
Ibara Shiozaki.
Jurota Shishida.
Nirengeki Shoda.
Pony Tsunotori.
Kosei Tsuburaba.
Tetsutetsu Tetsutetsu.
Setsuna Tokage.
Manga Fukidashi.
Juzo Honenuki.
Kojiro Bondo.
Neito Monoma.
Reiko Yanagi.
Hiryu Rin.
Look at this questionnaire!
I prepared this
during the School Festival!
The difference between Class A's live band
and our high-end drama!
Can't you see
which got the better reviews?
We came out on top
with two more votes than you!
Ever since school started,
you kept drawing attention
by constantly inviting bad news!
But things have changed now!
For real? I didn't watch their performance
so I can't say much about it.
The day has come!
Class A versus Class B!
This is our first battle drill!
We--
Shut it.
Monoma!
We have a special guest today.
So please stop embarrassing yourselves.
A special guest?
I'll crush them!
Is it a girl?
Let's give it our best!
He plans to transfer to the Hero Course.
-Hey!
-What?
He's from General Department, Class C.
Hitoshi Shinso.
-Hey!
-What?
PRO HERO SHOTA AIZAWA
QUIRK: ERASURE
STOP ANYONE WITHIN HIS SIGHT
FROM USING QUIRKS
TSUYU ASUI
QUIRK: FROG
GIVES HER A FROG'S PHYSIOLOGY
AND DO ANYTHING A FROG CAN
We have a special guest today.
He plans to transfer to Hero Course.
Hitoshi Shinso.
He wants to transfer to Hero Course.
Isn't that Mr. Aizawa's bandage?
Is that his original mask?
Nice to meet you!
He can brainwash you
by talking to you, right?
It's a kill at first sight.
However, Midoriya fell for his Quirk
but managed to break free.
It was only a fluke.
I saw One For All's vestiges
because Shinso was controlling me.
It was the timing.
Or was it?
Shinso, do you have anything to say?
Shinso, your Quirk is brainwashing?
To be able to control anyone…
You can do all the bad things.
And you won't get caught.
Don't control us, okay?
That's what everyone says.
I'm Hitoshi Shinso.
Some of you have met me
during the sports day.
They say a fight helps you
know someone better.
But sadly, I'm not one who upholds
sportsmanship nor do I have friendliness.
I'm already falling behind all of you.
Sorry, but I must do my best.
Blessed ones can't understand.
Someone that can go wherever they wish
with their ideal Quirk.
I want to be an outstanding hero.
I want to help people with my Quirk.
Each of you
is a challenge I must overcome.
I don't plan to become your friend.
That's all from me.
I can feel his aura from here.
This is getting intense.
He reminds me of you, Todoroki.
-Really?
-Yes.
He seems interesting.
Without further ado, let's begin.
Battle drill, commence!
It's Class A against Class B.
It takes place somewhere in Ground Gamma.
There must be four students in each team,
and you take turns to battle.
Four students in one team?
That sounds fun.
I know!
But there will be 41 of us
including Shinso.
What do we do with the remainder?
Shinso will participate in two battles.
One as Class A, and another as Class B.
He will battle against both classes.
Which means, there will be two battles
where one team will have five students.
But the other team
will be at a disadvantage.
Having the inexperienced Shinso
on their team is a disadvantage.
That should balance
the advantage in numbers.
The objective is to surround
and capture the enemies as heroes.
Both teams
must see each other as villains.
The first team
to capture four people wins.
Well, the villains are getting
more organized after all.
It's simple. I like it.
We are both the heroes and villains!
Which role should I play?
I think we can see ourselves as heroes.
There are very cute prisons
for both teams.
As soon as the opponents are in it,
they will be disqualified.
It doesn't match the atmosphere!
It's most effective
to render our opponents unable to battle
on their own base.
But I doubt it would be that simple.
The first to capture four wins.
-So this is the balance they mentioned?
-What?
Yes. With an unfamiliar member
on your team,
you'll have five members.
But as long as four
are captured, you lose.
You want us to carry a dead weight around?
This is lame.
Don't be so rude.
I'm fine with that. It's true.
His politeness is way beyond our reach!
Well…
Let's draw straws.
CLASS A VS CLASS B
Shinso, it's your turn to draw.
The number will decide
which team you join.
We heard what you said earlier,
but let's work as a team.
Nice to meet you!
Could you tell us more about your Quirk?
You have a handsome look.
The girls must like you a lot.
I can tell as much.
Nice to meet you.
Hey, you! Not bad!
Let's crush the cursed Class A together!
Please ignore his outrageous manner.
Nice to meet you.
Same goes for you!
Team five of Class B.
You and Shinso have matched
against each other again
for the first time after the sports event.
Yes.
The vestige of One For All still bugs me,
but for now…
I look forward to his improvements.
What is he going to show us this time?
Where did you pull that out?
The day has come.
I'm finally on the starting line.
The starting point is your base.
The time limit is 20 minutes.
If you can't settle the score in time,
the team with more remaining members wins.
All Might and Midnight are here!
Are they dating?
Give me a break. I don't like older guys.
Which team do you think will win?
It's hard to tell.
Class A has become much more experienced
after so many crises.
However,
Class B shows more growth
when it comes to results.
They could focus more on their lessons
without much trouble going on.
They steadily grow over time.
Would it be Class A that shows
true potential in the face of danger?
Or would it be Class B that shows
better overall improvement?
This is exciting.
First battle!
You're all fired up.
Start!
We all know each other's abilities,
but to maintain life advantage,
we should stick together.
Asui's camouflage.
I can spot her if I know where to look.
So I should keep my distance from you
to shoot my one-million-volt lightning.
What if we got separated?
You'll be isolated.
You have a point.
Shiozaki can be quite the handful.
Her Quirk is so powerful.
The attack range is huge,
and she annihilated me.
We should start with
the most challenging Quirk to deal with.
That's brilliant, Shinso.
That's just common sense.
What?
Just like we want to take out Ibara first,
they will try to get rid of Kaminari too.
Then we have to deal
with our lack of experience.
Shinso's Brainwashing is very powerful.
I'm counting on all of you!
I hope we get to see Kaminari
and Shinso unleash their true strength.
Thank you.
Have you found them already?
Shiozaki is coming from the left side.
She seems to be alone.
She is spreading her vines
to search for us while heading our way.
Attacking a girl all at once leaves
a bad taste in my mouth.
Roaring Rage!
Kirishima! Tsuyu!
We knew Koda
could track us down with ease.
Of course, we expected you
to be wary of Shiozaki.
We used her as a decoy
and closed in on you.
We isolated you to leave you
to your own device.
So I seized the opening to attack!
My nose can sense anything!
Jurota Shishida.
Quirk: Beast.
Monster form drastically augments
his strength, speed, and durability,
as well as his senses.
He also becomes wilder,
making him reckless.
Now you can't electrocute us without
hurting your friends, Denki Kaminari!
Check out the new move I developed!
Air Prison!
Not even sound can escape this space!
Okay, let's finish them off!
Leave it to me!
Are you kidding me?
He's been brainwashed.
That guy…
He spoke with my voice!
What?
That mask…
It works as a vocal cord.
Persona Chords.
Next episode…
The clash between Class A and Class B.
The first battle has begun.
However,
Class B has strengthened their Quirks
with intensive training.
They are closing in on Class A.
Next, "Make It Happen, Shinso!"
Shinso's new ability,
the Persona Chords,
will dominate this battle!
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!